---
layout: post
title: "DuoCode 1.1: Which edition is right for you?"
---
We're so excited to have released **DuoCode 1.1** with support for the RTM of *Visual Studio 2015* and with the latest official release of *Roslyn* (1.0.0.50618). Get it [here](http://duoco.de/download)! Lots of improvements (and some bug fixes).

And finally, we're ready to unveil the full pricing details for DuoCode, and we've got great news for open-source developers and students - we've got a free community edition for you. And commercial
developers have a free trial!

## Which edition is right for you?

DuoCode has 3 editions that you can purchase. We've designed the editions to be quite similar to *Visual Studio 2015* editions.

### **DuoCode Community**
#### FREE for open-source projects and academic use

We're so glad to be able to give back to the open-source community, by handing out
free licenses for open-source project developers, and for students and instructors.

If you are:
- Leading an open-source project (with [OSI](http://opensource.org/licenses) license), hosting the project's code on a public repository such as github
- OR You're an active student holding an ISIC card or student email
- OR You're a registered instructor (teaching staff member) in an educational organization
- Your solution has up to 5 projects
- You don't perform paid consulting or distribute paid versions of the project
- You're using *Visual Studio Community* or *Professional*

You can apply on the forms for [open source](http://duoco.de/apply-oss) or [academic](http://duoco.de/apply-aca) to get your free license of **DuoCode**. The license is for one-year but you can apply again when the period is over.

### **DuoCode Professional**
#### Now on sale (and with free trial!)

If you are:
- Working on a commercial project
- Using *Visual Studio Community* or *Professional* (Note that VS *Premium* or *Ultimate* or *Enterprise* require DuoCode's Enterprise edition)
- Your organization has no more than 8 DuoCode developers
- Your organization is non-governmental

You can [purchase](buy) **DuoCode Professional**. Each computer running
DuoCode requires a license. You'll get the full unrestricted **DuoCode** compiler with free upgrades (of minor versions).

We've got a [**FREE TRIAL**](download) of the professional edition. You don't need to do anything - just download and install DuoCode and your 30-day trial will begin automatically.
When the trial period is over, you can purchase a license to continue working.

### DuoCode Enterprise

This edition is for you if your organization doesn't fit in the other categories, or if you require a support package.

If you are:
- Working on a commercial project
- Using any edition of *Visual Studio* (including VS *Premium* or *Ultimate* or *Enterprise*)
- Your organization is a governmental organizaion or has more than 8 developers which will be working with DuoCode

[Contact us](http://support.duoco.de) to get details about the **Enterprise** edition of
DuoCode. You'll get the full unrestricted **DuoCode** compiler with
support package and with free upgrades (including major versions).

### Questions?
[Contact us](http://support.duoco.de) and we'd be happy to assist.
We're looking forward to have you as a customer for DuoCode!

Happy coding!  
 &nbsp;-The DuoCode Team
